Make PKCS12 stores in CA and User Secrets configurable (#12708)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/operators/con-configuring-cluster-operator.adoc

`STRIMZI_POD_SECURITY_PROVIDER_CLASS`:: Optional.
Configuration for the pluggable `PodSecurityProvider` class, which can be used to provide the security context configuration for Pods and containers.

`STRIMZI_PKCS12_KEYSTORE_GENERATION`:: Optional. Default is `true`.

> Controls automatic creation of PKCS12 stores in the Certificate Authority and Kafka User Secrets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Controls automatic creation of PKCS12 stores in the CA (Certificate Authority) and Kafka user `Secret` resources.
```
